xsoar.pan.dev structure refresh (#293)
demisto/content-docs: docs/concepts/concepts.md

---
It is important to familiarize yourself with Cortex XSOAR components, UI terminology, and key concepts.

## Content Packs

> All Cortex XSOAR content is organized in Packs. Packs are essentially groups of artifacts that implement use cases in the product. Content Packs are created by Palo Alto Networks, Technology Partners, Consulting Companies, MSSPs, Customers and Individual Contributors. Content Packs include lots of different components, such as Integrations, Automations, Playbooks, Incident Types, Widgets and [more](../integrations/packs-format). If you want to [contribute](../contributing/contributing) the artifacts you created, you should create a Content Pack and submit it for review, in order for it to be added to the Cortex XSOAR Marketplace and become available to customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Cortex XSOAR content is organized in Packs. Packs are essentially groups of artifacts that implement use cases in the product. Content Packs are created by Palo Alto Networks, Technology Partners, Consulting Companies, MSSPs, Customers and Individual Contributors. Content Packs may include a variety of different components, such as Integrations, Automations, Playbooks, Incident Types, Widgets and [more](../integrations/packs-format). If you want to [contribute](../contributing/contributing) the Content entities you created, you should create a Content Pack and submit it for review, in order for it to be added to the Cortex XSOAR Marketplace and become available to customers.

```

## Other Concepts

As you use and develop on Cortex XSOAR, you'll find the following concepts useful.

### Cortex XSOAR CLI

Think of the Cortex XSOAR CLI like an operating system CLI that is built into the product, and connects to every tool that you need. It allows the user to test and run integration commands, run automations, and more. 

### Commands

Cortex XSOAR has two different kinds of commands:

* system commands - Commands that enable you to perform Cortex XSOAR operations, such as clearing the playground or closing an incident. These commands are not specific to an integration. System commands are entered in the command line using a `/`. For example `/playground_create`. 

* external commands - Integration-specific commands that enable you to perform actions specific to an integration. For example, you can quickly check the reputation of an ip. External commands are entered in the command line using a `!`. For example, `!ip`. 

> ### Context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Context Data

```
